AST-3379 - "Post Comment" button compatibility with customizer button styling & Guillemet symbol ">>" from "Post Comment" removed. (#5318)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.2.1 (Unreleased)

> - Fix: "Post Comment" button compatibility with customizer button styling.
> - Improvement: Guillemet symbol ">>" from "Post Comment" removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Guillemet symbol ">>" from "Post Comment" removed for better UI.
- Fix: "Post Comment" button does not inheriting customizer global button stylings.
```
